{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote What Is Myhelp;What;Is;Myhelp}${\footnote What Is Myhelp}#{\footnote WhatIsMyhelp}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 What Is Myhelp\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 MyHelp is an open source tool to build structured help files. One can design their structure of their help file and create it using the MyHelp. Currently Myhelp uses the old help file compiler to compile the helpp files. A new version is being developed which will use the HTML format.
\par 
\par \{bml C:\\Anele\\KB Builder\\Projects\\eFas\\Figure What Is Myhelp.bmp\}
\par 
\par \{bml C:\\Anele\\KB Builder\\Projects\\eFas\\Figure What Is Myhelp 1.bmp\}
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote New}${\footnote New}#{\footnote New}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 New\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 This is the option to create a new help file project. You will be prompted to enter the name of the help file project to create herein.
\par 
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Open}${\footnote Open}#{\footnote Open}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Open\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 Clicking the drop down arrow provides a list of the current projects available that have been created with MyHelp. Select the project that you want to open it.
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Save}${\footnote Save}#{\footnote Save}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Save\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 This saves the structure of the current project to the database.
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Delete}${\footnote Delete}#{\footnote Delete}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Delete\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 Click here to delete the current project.
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Compile}${\footnote Compile}#{\footnote Compile}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Compile\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 Clicking this option compiles the help files based on the topics that you have created. The options on the drop down button are the result of the compiled help project. These are
\par 
\par 1. Help project file
\par 2. Rich text file (all topics are consolidated into a single rtf file)
\par 3. Database (all data in the project is stored in an Ms Access file
\par 4. Help file
\par 5. Log file (the results of the help compiler)
\par 6. Ini settings (for storing other project properties)
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Topics}${\footnote Topics}#{\footnote Topics}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Topics\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 When selected, this provides the properties of the current topic.
\par 
\par These would be the topic context strings, context number, browse sequence, key words, macros and a-keywords. The dropdown section of the button provides other functionalities.
\par 
\par 1. Add new topics
\par 2. Create from graphic files (this will create topics based on graphic files properties)
\par 3. Create from files (this will create topics based on files)
\par 4. Create from folder (create topics from a folder)
\par 5. Jump to (create a jump for the selected word)
\par 6. Popup to (create a pop up for the selected word)
\par 7. Save topic
\par 8. Save all topics
\par 9. Delete topic
\par 10. Topic to Rtf
\par 11. Topic to HTML
\par 12. Set tree topic as popup (changes the image of the topic on the tree)
\par 13. Clear tree topic as popup
\par 14. Set tree topic for browse
\par 15. Clear tree topic for browse
\par 16. Move up (move a topic up)
\par 17. Move down (move a topic down)
\par 18. Statistics (project statistics)
\par 19. Jumps & Popups (provides a list of the topic jumps and popups)
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Insert}${\footnote Insert}#{\footnote Insert}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Insert\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 This button has options to insert some objects on the current topic.
\par 
\par One can add a file, a text file, time/date, tab, symbol and a picture.
\par 
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Print}${\footnote Print}#{\footnote Print}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Print\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 Print tree topics, or the current topic
\par 
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Tools}${\footnote Tools}#{\footnote Tools}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Tools\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 These are..
\par 
\par 1. Spelling
\par 2. Grammar
\par 3. Capture entire screen
\par 4. Capture active screen
\par 5. Goto line (go to the specified line in the topic)
\par 6. Goto start (go to the start of the topic)
\par 7. Goto end (go to the end of the topic)
\par }
\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote Exit}${\footnote Exit}#{\footnote Exit}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 Exit\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}\line\plain\par\page+{\footnote auto}K{\footnote The Topic Toolbar;The;Topic;Toolbar}${\footnote The Topic Toolbar}#{\footnote TheTopicToolbar}{\keepn\cb3\cf1\b\fs24\f0 The Topic Toolbar\fs16\b0\cb2\par\pard\plain\line\cf0\cb2\fs20\f1}{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Tahoma;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs17 The topic toolbar helps in working with the current topic.
\par 
\par \{bml C:\\Anele\\KB Builder\\Projects\\eFas\\Figure The Topic Toolbar.bmp\}
\par 
\par 1. Cut selected text
\par 2. Copy selected text
\par 3. Paste selected text
\par 4. Undo
\par 5. Redo
\par 6. Make selected text bold
\par 7. Make selected text italic
\par 8. Underline selected text
\par 9.
\par 10. Strike \fs16 through \fs17 selected text
\par 11. Proper case selected text
\par 12. Change \cf1 font \cf0 of selected text
\par 13. Change color of selected text
\par 14. Left align selected text
\par 15. Centre selected text
\par 16. Right align selected text
\par 17. Bullet selected text
\par 18. Uppercase selected text
\par 19. Insert a file or a text file
\par 20. Create a link of selected image in the file and insert a picture from list of open computer screens
\par 21. Select all the text
\par 22. Set default topic properties
\par 23. Check spelling of topic
\par 24. Check grammar of topic
\par 25. Find / Replace
\par 
\par }
\line\plain\par\page}
